feat(py): upgrade to cairo-lang 0.12.0 (#1213)
eqlabs/pathfinder: CHANGELOG.md

- some cairo 0 classes are not downloaded which can cause execution methods to fail
  - this bug was introduced in v0.6.4 and requires a resync to fix

> - an under-estimation issue which was causing most Declare transactions to be under-estimated by a factor of two

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fee estimation is under-estimating most declare transactions by factor 2
```
